(tense driving music)
They're just a few guns.
Maybe we should put the soldiers
in the front of the groups.
You wanna use them
as human shields?!
Well, without our magic there's
no way we can hold them off!
[knights]
I think it will be difficult to
dispel it from the outside.
All of our specialists are
being held captive
INSIDE the academy.
-We can't go through the woods.
There's barbed wire everywhere.
-I'm more concerned
about the tunnels.
If they've managed
to cut off access
to the outside so thoroughly...
-Do you think they have
a spy in the school?
-You mean Zenon
wasn't the only one?
[Rose]
They don't need to tie us up.
Without our magic, there's
nothing we can really do.
[Rose]
Even if we did have our magic...
(tense driving music)
(tuning fork ringing)
(gasps)
(electrical discharge)
(chime)
We actually did it!
Impressive.
Oh my god, we really did it!
Now I can control
the Eye of Avarice
and stop it from
shutting off our magic!
[Cid] So, what about
those hidden tunnels?
[Sherry] Right! According to
what my father told me...
(click)
(book shelf rumbling)
[Cid] Woah...
[Sherry] Now I can finally
go help my father!
[Cid] That's great.
[Kagenou] I love this stuff!
(OPENING THEME)
(sighs)
(tense music)
(blood spraying)
(tense music building)
Uh, Mommy?
(raining)
[Lutheran] The world has
lost a great woman.
You should know that
your mother was
a very gifted researcher,
Sherry.
But more than that,
she was an exceptional
friend to me.
If you'd like to,
you can come stay with me.
(huh)
[Sherry] Father gave me as much
love and affection
as he would his
own flesh and blood.
He even supported the research
my mother left behind.
So now, it's my turn.
Don't worry, he'll be okay.
Thank you, Cid.
Thank you for everything.
I only helped out a little,
it was no big deal.
There's nothing left
for me to do here.
It's all up to you now.
Go save the world.
Okay, I'll try.
Where is he? (coughs)
What is taking Rex so long?
[cultist] Sir, we have not seen
him or any of the guards.
[guy] Rose!
Forget it. As we are now,
we can't even block bullets,
let alone swords.
The dense magical energy
emanating from him
is in a whole other league.
I don't know
if we could beat him,
even if we did have
our magic back.
But we can't just sit here!
I know that!
(gun bang)
(bats squeaking)
(Sherry squealing)
I have to try.
(gun bangs)
(student groans)
Yo, bull's eye number two!
They're pathetic letting these
commoners' toys take 'm out.
They're a disgrace to
the name of Dark Knight!
[students] Rose, please!
-We have to do something!
We can't!
-They're going to kill us all!
-This is humiliating!
(Gaunt chuckles)
(tense music)
(Sherry gasps)
(gun bangs)
(student gasps in pain)
(gasps)
(faint heartbeat)
[Sherry] That's...
(artifact whirring)
Don't worry, Father.
I'm coming!
(artifact shimmering)
[Rose] Huh? What is that light?
(sharp ringing)
(dramatic music)
What happened?
Ms. President!
(blood squelching)
(soldier groaning)
Our magic has been unsealed!
It's time to fight back!
(students shouting)
[students] Take their swords!
-Surround them!
-Secure an escape route!
[cultist] Dammit!
[Gaunt] What are you doing?
Kill them.
[cultist] Yes, sir!
[students] Reinforcements!
-They're stong!
-Outnumber them!
-Younger students,
get us some swords!
Even just training swords!
-Science students evacuate! Now!
(swords clashing)
(general commotion)
We haven't gotten back all the
magic they took from us yet.
Before I run out completely,
I have to get HIM!
(swords clanging)
Is this the end?
No.
Even if they take me down,
the rest of them will carry on.
Just like I'm carrying on
the legacy of his love for me!
(sword slicing)
(blood splatters)
(thud)
What was that?
(smiles)
(soldiers yelling)
(glass shattering)
(driving techno music)
Very well done.
So now what,
my beautiful sword wielder?
(soldiers fighting and dying)
What the hell is all this?
We are Shadow Garden.
(soaring choral music)
[all] We lurk in the shadows,
and we hunt the shadows.
(swords clashing)
(blood splattering)
This is our chance!
Leave the auditorium!
Carry the injured!
[guy] Yes, ma'am! Hurry!
(swords clang)
(fighting and running)
[Sherry] Where's my Father?
I don't see him anywhere.
(light hissing)
Huh...
(fire roaring)
[guy] Fire! And it's spreading!
Ms. President!
Use sword pressure
to open a path!
Just get everyone out of here!
[Gamma] They did this
in their own territory?
An extremely bold move.
Lady Gamma...
Hmm?
Oh, dear, what a disaster.
(dramatic music)
(fire roaring)
[Iris]
What is going on in there?!
[knights] We don't know!
One second,
we had our magic back,
the next everything
was on fire!
-And there are bodies of dead
intruders everywhere!
Okay then, just do your best
to put out the fires.
(coughing and moaning)
The students that were
being held hostage...
[Iris] Princess Rose!
[Rose] Princess Iris...
Our magic suddenly came back,
and then these fires
broke out verywhere.
What happened in there?
A mystery organization appeared
and wiped out the terrorists.
They called themselves
Shadow Garden.
(gasps)
[Iris] And you're sure
that's what they said?
[Rose] Yes, but the terrorists
went by the same name.
Who are they?
[Nu] We have retrieved all
of the necessary articles.
Very well done, Nu.
All that's left...
(fire exploding)
He wasn't in the auditorium!
Father, where are you?
(loud explosion)
(light clicks)
(fire roaring)
[Cid] What are you doing
in that costume...
Assistant Principal,
Lutheran Barnett?
Cid Kagenou...
How the hell did
you figure it out?
[Cid]
One look and it was obvious.
[Lutheran] I see.
Was it the way I walk,
or the way I stand?
You have a good eye.
Can I ask you something,
just for my own reference?
[Lutheran] What is it?
[Cid] Why are you doing this?
You didn't seem the type to be
into this sort of thing.
[Lutheran]
You really want to know?
At one point in my life,
I had reached the top of the
sword fighting world.
That was before you were born.
[Cid] Right, I heard you
won the Bushin Festival.
(laughs) The Bushin Festival...
The real peak is
much higher than that.
Although, I doubt you would
understand any of that.
But as soon as I
made it to the top
of the sword fighting
world I got sick.
The glory I'd fought so hard
to attain was gone.
Just like that.
After that,
I went in search of
a way to cure my disease,
and I found potential in
a certain artifact.
Is this story going
to get long?
[Lutheran] A little.
There was a researcher,
Sherry's mother,
an unlucky woman who was
despised by the academic world
for being too intelligent.
I funded her research and she
immersed herself in it.
We got along beautifully.
Then I finally came face to
face with the artifact
I had so longed to find,
but that idiotic woman said
the Eye of Avarice
was too dangerous.
Of all things,
she suggested handing it over
to the government
for safekeeping.
I tore her apart,
starting with her extremities,
working my way inward,
until finally,
I stabbed her through the heart
and gave it a good twist.
(Lutheran laughing)
Sherry never knew.
She never doubted.
She just took over
her mother's research,
never realizing that I
was her mother's killer.
My dear, sweet, foolish girl.
[Lutheran] Well, does that
answer your question?
[Cid] Yeah, pretty much.
There's just one thing
that bothers me.
[Lutheran] And what is that?
[Cid]
Is it true that you used Sherry
for your own selfish needs?
[Lutheran]
Yes, of course it's true.
Does that anger you?
Honestly, I'm not sure.
I make a very clear distinction
between what's important to me
and what's of no consequence.
As people go through life,
they collect more things that
have value to them.
They make friends, find
significant others, get jobs.
But me,
I trimmed the fat,
and when I was done,
all I had left was what I
absolutely couldn't do without.
And that's why I don't
particularly care
what happens to anything else.
You mean you don't care
what becomes
of the foolish mother
and daughter?
[Cid] I think it's time
we got started.
If we wait too long,
we may get interrupted.
[Lutheran] Indeed. It's a pity,
but I'm afraid it's time
for us to say goodbye.
(loud thundering)
I bid you farewell,
Cid Kagenou.
[Shadow] Where are you going?
What the hell?!
You! Shadow!
(driving techno music)
[Lutheran] Like you, I am a man
who has lived by the sword.
I can tell a lot when I come
face to face with an opponent.
Including the fact that I am
currently at a disadvantage.
My apologies,
but I'm not wasting any time
before I pull out
all the stops.
It is when you combine the Eye
of Avarice with its control unit
that it demonstrates
its true value!
Let me show you!
(Lutheran groaning)
Now is the moment of
my long awaited rebirth!
(Lutheran groaning)
It's glorious, isn't it?
Truly magnificent!
My strength is returning!
My malady is being cured!
Can you feel it?
Can you feel the
magical energy running wild?
The power far beyond
any human abilities!
I think I'll try it on you.
You'll be my first experiment!
Nice block! Now how about this?
(swords clashing)
(Lutheran chuckles)
I'll admit,
you are very strong indeed,
and to show my respect
for your strength,
I won't hold
anything back either!
You have compelled me
to fight you as an equal.
That will be something to brag
about in the afterlife!
(Lutheran groans)
[Shadow] So that's really
the best you can do?
No! Not yet!
It's impossible that
you can be this good!
But it doesn't matter
how strong you are,
it's over for you!
I've made arrangements
to ensure
you take the blame for
all that's happened!
I've prepared evidence, witness
testimonies, everything!
Now you'll be
branded as traitors,
and the entire world will
be hunting you down!
No amount of strength
will save you now!
(sighs) That's hilarious.
What the hell?!
[Shadow] You think
a little thing like that
means it's over for us?
You are truly quite hysterical.
My organization was never
walking the path of
righteousness,
but we are not evil either.
We walk the path
we make ourselves.
If you can do that,
then go ahead.
Bring me the guilt for all the
crimes in all the world.
I will gladly accept all of it,
but it won't change anything.
Even with it, I...
WE will do what we must do
without hesitation.
[Lutheran]
Then you're not afraid
to turn the entire
world against you?
That is what we call hubris,
Shadow!
(music stops suddenly)
(sword slicing)
(dramatic music resumes)
(Lutheran groans)
[Shadow]
You tore her apart from the
extremities to her core,
and ended with her heart,
is that right?
(sword slashes)
(blood splatters)
(gasping and groaning)
(artifact exploding)
(Lutheran yelling)
You...
(Lutheran chuckles weakly)
(thud)
[Sherry] Father...
(whimpering)
No, Father!
(Sherry crying)
Please, Father, no!
No! Why?
Please, don't die!
Father! Father!
(Sherry crying)
[Kagenou]
You're better off not knowing.
Oh, Father, why?
No!
[Alpha] Don't you think it
turned out nicely?
"Shadow,
sworn enemy to the kingdom."
"Wanted for mass murder,
kidnapping,
arson and armed robbery."
What a nefarious, evil man.
Our almighty, Lord Shadow said,
"I will gladly accept the guilt
for all the crimes
in the world,
but it won't change anything."
[Alpha] Even with that guilt...
[all] "We will do what we must
do without hesitation."
[Alpha] Wise words.
[Gamma] Indeed.
I had originally
thought we stood
for righteousness and justice,
but that's not how
he saw it I suppose.
We must do our part
to live up to his resolve.
Assemble those available
of the Seven Shadows.
So they're going to close the
school and start summer break?
[Sherry] Um... Thank you for
your help the other day.
[Cid] I didn't really do much.
[Sherry] You did!
If you hadn't helped me,
I never could have... have...
[Cid]
It was nothing; forget about it.
[Sherry]
I have something to tell you.
I have decided that I'm
going to study abroad.
I'm moving to Laugus.
The city on the
leading edge of science?
That's awesome.
There's something I need to do,
and I can't do it with only the
knowledge I possess now.
Besides...
I have no reason to stay in
this place anymore.
[Cid] Okay.
Well, good luck.
[Sherry] Thank you.
I do wish that I could have
gotten to know you
a little better, Cid.
[Cid] Yeah, maybe next time.
[Sherry] Yes, maybe next time.
Oh, one sec.
Yes?
[Cid] Mind if I ask you
what it is you need to do?
(soaring music)
It's a secret.
[Cid] Secret?
[Sherry] Yes.
Well, until next time.
[Cid] Yeah.
I...
I swear, I'll...
(chariot rattling)
(ENDING THEME)